fix: add knownAuthorities check to issuer validation for CIAM GUID-based issuer URL (#8595)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/configuration.md

| `clientId`                   | App ID of your application. Can be found in your [portal registration](../README#prerequisites).                                                                                                                                                                        | UUID/GUID                                                                                                                                    | None. This parameter is required in order for MSAL to perform any actions.  |
| `authority`                  | URI of the tenant to authenticate and authorize with. Usually takes the form of `https://{uri}/{tenantid}` (see [Authority](../../msal-common/docs/authority.md))                                                                                                       | String in URI format with tenant - `https://{uri}/{tenantid}`                                                                                | `https://login.microsoftonline.com/common`                                  |

> | `knownAuthorities`           | An array of known authority hostnames or domains. Used in B2C and CIAM scenarios. For CIAM with Entra External ID, include the GUID-based issuer host if it differs from the authority host (see [Authority - CIAM](../../msal-common/docs/authority.md#ciam-issuer-validation-and-knownauthorities)). | Array of strings (hostnames or domains, e.g. `contoso.ciamlogin.com`)                                                                       | Empty array `[]`                                                            |

Author: ```suggestion
| `knownAuthorities`           | An array of known authority URIs. Used in B2C and CIAM scenarios. For CIAM with Entra External ID, include the GUID-based issuer host if it differs from the authority host (see [Authority - CIAM](../../msal-common/docs/authority.md#ciam-issuer-validation-and-knownauthorities)). | Array of strings in URI format                                                                       | Empty array `[]`                                                            |
```

> | `cloudDiscoveryMetadata`     | A string containing the cloud discovery response. Used in AAD scenarios. See [Performance](../../msal-common/docs/performance.md) for more info                                                                                                                         | string                                                                                                                                       | Empty string `""`                                                           |

Author: @copilot apply changes based on [this feedback](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/pull/8595#discussion_r3269107752)
